LKG_Game Research #1 27/11/2018_Research dopamine, Oxytocin (sharing)
https://www.quora.com/Does-interacting-with-people-in-online-games-release-oxytocin
http://www.openxcell.com/13-ways-make-mobile-games-exciting-addictive
1. Provide a Good Learning Curve

Games that are most enjoyable are easy to learn, but hard to master. 
Do not expect your players to dive in and tackle the hardest challenges right away. 
Most successful games start with a few rounds that act as a tutorial, followed by a few easier rounds to help players get started.
The story may not be highly in-depth, but it should be interesting enough to keep the player motivated to see what happens next. 
In many cases, the story develops over time and new characters or missions may be added as the game progresses. 
The desire to see what happens next is a common motivation, so a good story can keep your players coming back for more.
By structuring a game into individual stages, you offer a sense of accomplishment. 
Consider the example of Candy Crush Saga—players enjoy each individual level, but every 15 levels constitutes a “stage.”
Moving from one stage to another is a big accomplishment and helps move the story along
What happens if you click here or there? 
Will something special occur if you mix these two plants together to make a potion? 
Encourage your players to try something new by rewarding their curiosity. 
Surprises and exploration will always make a player want to come back and play again.
That’s one level of candy crush that is so difficult to beat is frustrating, 
but there is something very rewarding about “beating” the level. 
Don’t be afraid to challenge your players. 
It can be a big drive to bring players back to play 
even more—especially if they have friends who are already boasting of having beaten the level or accomplished the goal.
Find a way to display high scores and give your players something to beat. 
Even if they have passed a level, some players will want to come back and try to score higher or accomplish more. 
Consider the feature in King.com’s games—players can notify their friends if they beat the level high score.
Are there certain powers or boosts available in your game? Find a way to make your player’s quest to receive these powers. 
By attaching a value to power, you make it more desirable and encourage your players to work harder to achieve it.
Offering players a way to encourage friends to join the fun is one of the best ways to organically grow traffic. 
While those invitation notifications can be annoying, people do want to know what the new, 
hot game is and what games their friends are currently enjoying.
Offer Features to Release Aggression
Do you ever wonder why so many games have “bombs?”
Allow your players to reduce their frustration with features that allow them to make a big impact. 
The bomb birds in Angry birds and candy bombs in Candy Crush are just a couple of examples of these aggressions-reducing features.
Encourage your players to come back day after day by rewarding them with extra lives, special features or unique items. 
In-game rewards are also a good “prize” for completing a quest in the game. 
In-game rewards are encouragement to stick with a game even when it becomes a bit stale or aggravating.
One of the best ways to get a player back into the game is by encouraging player-to-player interaction. 
If a gamer need help from a friend or two to proceed in the game, 
they will invite new players and encourage other players to come back again. 
While you don’t want to take this too far, a small amount of dependence is a good thing.
You don’t want your players to become bored or too frustrated with the need to find a certain object or meet a certain goal to proceed. 
Making it challenging is important, but you do want to make it possible to proceed.

https://medium.com/the-mission/sloths-anonymous-a-lazy-guide-to-overcoming-laziness-d925faea69b8\
Everyone knows the first step to overcoming a problem is admitting to the world that you have one. 
I’ll start. Hi, I’m Chris, and I absolutely adore doing absolutely nothing.
Mundane tasks may seem like little monsters, but conquering them often leaves us with a driving force of motivation 10 times their weight.
making your bed every morning may not seem like much, but if you start your day with it, you’d be amazed at the productivity boost that follows in its wake. 
Start the day making the bed, and you might just end the day making a dream come true.
If you’re in the couch potato club, I strongly recommend finding someone who is not, if only to kick you in gear. 
Let’s be real, sloths need a drill sergeant.
find someone who will poke you every week.
Have them give you assignments — let’s say a certain number of pages completed every few days.
If you don’t complete it, this person is essentially allowed to call you out. 
That’s right, you give them permission to give you crap, should you fail to complete your task.
I don’t know about you, but I hate letting people down. Make sure the person you’re accountable to actually follows through, 
and make sure you’re both honest and up front about the arrangement.
Offering in-game boosts and “help” can lower the frustration level and make the game fun again.
It’s essential that you find your drill sergeant among friends.
The thing about Sloths is they tend to encourage… sloth-like behavior. We’re soft, we’re cuddly, and we really like holding onto trees. 
However, we are a TERRIBLE influence on one another.
To some degree, we are all a product and/or manifestation of our environment. 
It’s always easier to follow the crowd, especially when you’re a sloth.
Sometimes peer pressure is a good thing for sloths like us.
Besides, if you’re stuck in love with one tree, then you’ll miss the full blown romance of the forest.
Finding an an accountability partner may help you with weekly check-ins, but what about a daily one.
Go buy a calendar
visual progress is mad-powerful stuff
I recommend you pick up one of these bad boys and hang somewhere that you absolutely have to see everyday.
Each day you work on your project, mark it with an X using the brightest, most visible, most irritatingly obvious color you can.
Before you know it, the chain you make (xxxxx) will become a habit that you can’t stand to break (or a game you can’t stand to lose)
your passion,
It’s a reminder of where you are, so you don’t go back to where you’ve been. In our tech driven universe, 
it’s amazing what a paper timeline can help you accomplish these days.
positive reinforcement is far more effective than its negative counterpart
I treat me, myself, and I to a movie every time we reach a milestone.
Whatever the reward, plan it in advance. If you have something to look forward to, than your goal will feel less like a burden and more like a goal.
What’s the best way to celebrate victory in Sloths Anonymous?
the more we can turn work into a game, the more likely we are to win. In the same arena, joy will always overcome fear.
We can’t make fear disappear, but we can do little things to make our monsters a little smaller, 
bring our friends a little closer, and make our dreams a little bigger.
