Awareness Campaign
https://www.jcsocialmedia.com/portfolio-items/awareness-campaigns/
Generating awareness for any cause requires a strategy for each of the potential stakeholders
Awareness is one thing, but sometimes it is the means, not the end.
Converting awareness and interest into participation or donations requires more advanced techniques
Starting conversations with potential participants and sending them details
Building relationships with high-profile individuals and organisations
Content strategy to grow fans and following

Brand Game
https://venturebeat.com/2018/04/22/4-keys-to-making-a-brand-game/
A marketing campaign integrating gamification strategies must be an engaging game first, and marketing campaign second.
Traditionally, marketing campaigns, online and off, are designed to raise awareness, prioritizing reach over everything else.
Gamification success, however, relies on users to keep coming back and playing.
in the case of a gamification-focused campaign, the focus should be on engagement and growth – not just immediate awareness & eyeballs.
In essence, having a longer-term strategy and execution plan on how to continuously scale and grow the initiative is key. 
That difference between the business objectives of a marketing campaign and those of game-building requires a different process 
and thinking behind design and execution.
All marketing efforts, unlike sales efforts, should be about telling a story that resonates with your specific audience.
With that in mind, any gamification strategy has to support and enhance the brand or product story that needs to be told, 
or better yet, create a game story that supports and enhances the brand story.
This included enticing our target audience of engineers by making them the “heroes” of the story centered on using Cisco 
technology to aid in the Mars migration while also modeling it after popular viral mobile games – easy to play with no instructions, 
endless levels and multiple ways to beat them.
“Fun” and “engaging” are two adjectives that are often associated with good game design,
Marketers shouldn’t be afraid to take the opportunity to create a fantasy world or story and immerse players into
that world to generate the engagement they desire.
After creating an avatar, users are invited into a virtual world where they can bounce off of clouds, encounter pandas and frogs, 
and ultimately receive a 10-second clip of their game play to share on social media.
For any gamification to work successfully, you have to find ways to entice players to keep coming back and there are a lot of 
game design practices that successfully achieve this goal. Specifically, the idea of rewards and a leaderboard can serve the needs 
of players and marketers when used appropriately, and deliver further investment in any game.
Arguably one of the most successful uses of this gamification strategy is Starbucks Rewards, which offers a great deal of 
incentives for the users to continuously re-engage with the Starbucks app through a combination of points, stars,
and even product giveaways and downloadable, digital gifts.
Unlike a standard marketing campaign, successful gamification initiatives should be designed and launched 
incrementally and iteratively.  Taking a page from the success of viral mobile games, they should have continuous improvements —
like new rewards, skills, levels and powerups — to keep players continuously engaged within a brand ecosystem and moving down 
the marketing or sales funnel.
gamification elements – whether it’s a competitive drive, fun gameplay or the feeling of victory won by skill, strength, or luck.
consumers don’t want to be sold to, but rather crave an experience with brands that’s fun and engaging – the real reasons why
people play games in the first place.
